Weekly status reports
Weekly status reports help to plan and reflect on tasks, and keep the staff and yourselves informed about your progress.

1. Project status
Each weekly project status report must include the following sections, with each section written in bullet points:
High level goal. Describe in one line the overarching goal of your next release, which may take multiple weeks to achieve. Example: Develop frontend to backend working software for the Beta Release, showcasing feature X. This serves to keep everyone aligned with the overall vision to which you're working.
Original goals for the week. This section should be an exact copy of the last section from last week (i.e., goals from a week ago). It can be empty for the first week.
Progress and issues. Report on progress and issues: what you did, what worked, what you learned, where you had trouble, and where you are blocked.
Questions for the product owner. List any questions for your TA to be discussed in your Thursday project meeting.
Goals for next week. Outline your plans and goals for the following week. Each bullet point should include a measurable task and a time estimate (no longer than a week). We recommend that you label these with the student(s) who is responsible for the item.
Each weekly status report must be committed to your project git repository inside a top-level directory called Status Reports. Each weekly report should be in its own file named projectname-YYYYMMDD, using the date of the report, and be committed each Wednesday by 11:59pm. We recommend using a markdown doc for your report, which is most popular with github, however you may use a filetype of your choice.

2. Individual status and contribution reviews
As part of each project milestone assignment, each team member must individually submit a brief individual status, indicating what they did and how they would rate their own contribution to the milestone, and a peer-review, indicating how they would rate each of their teammembers' contribution. A form will be provided that must be completed by the milestone deadline. This method of continuous feedback replaces surveys used in prior quarters, and allows the staff to better assist and reward student engagement in a timely fashion.
